It is Hiroki Sakamoto of the srs boxing gym chairman
a
Right now
It is that starring in
Service boxing This is also earnestly that have passed the second anniversary established a gym ne everyone member
I think it is thanks to
And in the last two years, professional boxers
The first birthday was a
I will believe in next year
According to the schedule and
In the construction champion hug this time
Why as champion Kedomo it was one one of this class
That
And unified Oh I now it is the job unified champion at home
There you two
Failing this oyaji fight in 1 person 2 cans heritage First of all the energy of everyone else
I think it might be normal
Cage and everyone in the future
Hageme to cod the Shi A'tsu
I would like to continue to provide grand support
I think mechanism
To do
This time administration, speaking of political affairs recently
It will be next week
Two people after a week
Iwata Courage
You will be this one
Age is high for oneself because of industrial festival
I feel that I want to eat in boxing, and we also take advantage of the energy of feces
I will try to win anyway
Hard work
I think and two people to
Shinji Komiya
No offense to attack Gaa
Become a pro offensive
The next race won the first ko and made a spectacular debut
Put in next year's Rookie of the Year race
Good luck
Thank you in advance
From now on, with the third anniversary and the fifth anniversary of the 10th anniversary , the strength is not with everyone and 4 people with 8 people without deterioration
I'm thinking I'll do my best with everyone , so in the future srs
Boxing gym
Thank you in advance